Update Node and NPM to lts/gallium (#1091)
Jigsaw-Code/outline-client: README.md

## Requirements for all builds

> All builds require the latest TLS of [Node](https://nodejs.org/), in addition to other per-platform requirements. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All builds require [Node](https://nodejs.org/) 16, in addition to other per-platform requirements. 
```
